@node Top
@top Top

@menu
* Yttrius Documentations::
@end menu

@node Yttrius Documentations
@chapter Yttrius Documentations
@anchor{#yttrius-documentations}
@iftex
@bigskip@hrule@bigskip
@end iftex
@ifnottex
------------------------------------------------------------------------
@end ifnottex
@strong{Support Server:} @uref{https://discord.gg/PbJQRT9zQ8,Click Here}
@strong{Available Download Types:} @code{TXT} @code{MD} @code{MDX*}
@code{HTML} @code{MHTML} @code{RTXT*}

** - being worked on* ___ ### Section 0 - Introduction This is a curated
list of information regarding Yttrius, the bot, and the framework(s).

@strong{All Available Sections} > Section 0 - Introduction

@quotation
Section 1.0 - Documentation Informations
@end quotation
@quotation
Section 1.1 - Internal Structuring
@end quotation
@quotation
Section 1.2 - Yttrius Introduction
@end quotation
@quotation
Section 1.2.1 - Yttrius Information
@end quotation
@quotation
Section 1.3 - Yttrius Discord Bot Usages
@end quotation
@quotation
Section 1.4 - Commands Categories Explanation ___ ### Section 1.0 -
Documentational Informations
@end quotation
@strong{Documentation Version:} @code{1.0 (LATEST-UNFINISHED)}

@strong{Documentation Type:} @code{MARKDOWN}

@strong{Bot Version:} @code{1.7 (STABLE-BRANCH@@62bc834)}

@strong{Assets Repo Version:} @code{3 (UNCHECKED)}

@strong{License:} @code{Closed Source}

@strong{Package Licensing:} @code{ISC | BSD-3 | MIT}

@strong{Package Manager:} @code{snapd} @code{yum} @code{vcpkg}
@code{conan} @code{cget}

@strong{Documentation Last Revision:} @code{September-2-2021} ___ ###
Section 1.1 - Internal Structuring

@strong{Language(s):} @code{en-US}

@strong{Programming Language(s):} @code{C++} @code{JavaScript}
@code{Elixir}

@strong{Archival Language(s):} @code{JSON} @code{YAML} @code{XML}
@code{TXT} @code{RTXT}

@strong{Frameworks:} @code{sleepy-discord} @code{NodeJS} @code{Sugar}

@strong{Operators / Compilation Handlers:} @code{NPM} @code{YARN}
@code{CMAKE}

@strong{Host Platform:} @code{Ubuntu-16.04LTS} ___

@node Section 12 - Yttrius Introduction
@subsection Section 1.2 - Yttrius Introduction
@anchor{#section-1.2---yttrius-introduction}
Yttrius is written mainly in C++ using this library
@uref{https://github.com/yourWaifu/sleepy-discord,here}. However, it
also incorporates compatibility with JavaScript & TypeScript in order to
allow more efficient packages from YARN & NPM to be installed.

@iftex
@bigskip@hrule@bigskip
@end iftex
@ifnottex
------------------------------------------------------------------------
@end ifnottex

@node Section 121 - Yttrius Information
@subsection Section 1.2.1 - Yttrius Information
@anchor{#section-1.2.1---yttrius-information}
Yttrius itself is not the bot, no no. It is a framework I can use to
make Discord Bots and other online automated services. However, in this
case it is a Discord Bot.

@strong{Bot Information}

User Friendliness Level (1 least 5 most): @code{3}

Response Time (1 Slowest, 10 Fastest): @code{7}

APIs Overtime (1 most, 5 least): @code{1}

Error Handling Depth (1 least 5 most): @code{4}

Self User Debugging? @code{y}

Unhandled Errors Expected (1 always, 3 never): @code{3}

Profanity Filtering Level (1 none 5 strictest): @code{5}

Auto-Logging? @code{y}

Data Collection (1 security, 5 all): @code{2} ___

@node Section 13 - Yttrius Discord Bot Usages
@subsection Section 1.3 - Yttrius Discord Bot Usages
@anchor{#section-1.3---yttrius-discord-bot-usages}
All commands if input is required will specify when the command is read
without necessary inputs. If no input is detected, a help menu of the
command will be displayed along with the appropriate format for the
command.

This bot requires the strictest of command formatting. If a necessary
input is required and is not received within the user input, then the
whole operation will cease.

@strong{Prefix Retrieval:} @code{@@Yttrius}

@strong{Prefix:} @code{$}

@strong{Help Menu:} @code{$help}

@strong{Command Help Seek} @code{$cmd} ___

@node Section 14 - Commands Categories Explanation
@subsection Section 1.4 - Commands Categories Explanation
@anchor{#section-1.4---commands-categories-explanation}
This section will explain the different categories of topics of commands
within the bot.

@strong{Main}

Main Commands List

@code{bot}
